https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Amanita species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Armillaria species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Ascochyta species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Aspergillus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Boletus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Caloplaca species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Candida species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Cladonia species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Coprinopsis species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Cortinarius species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Cyathus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Entoloma species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Fusarium species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Gymnopilus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Gymnopus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Hebeloma species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Hygrocybe species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Hygrophorus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Inocybe species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Lactarius species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Lactifluus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Lecanora species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Leccinum species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Lepiota species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Leucoagaricus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Marasmius species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Mycosphaerella species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of North American Tricholoma species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Panaeolus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Penicillium species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Peniophora species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Pertusaria species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Phaeocollybia species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Pholiota species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Pholiotina species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Pleurotus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Pluteus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Psathyrella species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Psilocybe species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Puccinia species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Russula species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Scleroderma species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Serpula species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Trametes species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Trichoderma species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Tricholoma species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Tuber (fungus) species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Tulostoma species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of bioluminescent fungus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of deadly fungus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of lichen species of Montana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of microorganisms used in food and beverage preparation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of poisonous fungus species
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of psilocybin mushroom species
